README.md, before:

# Delartech

Delartech is a web application built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. It includes various components and pages to provide a comprehensive digital experience.

## Installation

To install the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ErfanShokrollahzadeh/Delartech.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd Delartech
   ```
3. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

To start the development server, run the following command:

```bash
npm run dev
```

To build the project for production, run the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

To start the production server, run the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

## Dependencies

The project uses the following dependencies:

- `next`: ^13.4.19
- `react`: ^18.2.0
- `react-dom`: ^18.2.0
- `@hookform/resolvers`: ^3.9.0
- `@next/swc-wasm-nodejs`: 13.5.1
- `@radix-ui/react-accordion`: ^1.2.0
- `@radix-ui/react-alert-dialog`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-aspect-ratio`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-avatar`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-checkbox`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-collapsible`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-context-menu`: ^2.2.1
- `@radix-ui/react-dialog`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-dropdown-menu`: ^2.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-hover-card`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-label`: ^2.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-menubar`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-navigation-menu`: ^1.2.0
- `@radix-ui/react-popover`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-progress`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-radio-group`: ^1.2.0
- `@radix-ui/react-scroll-area`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-select`: ^2.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-separator`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-slider`: ^1.2.0
- `@radix-ui/react-slot`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-switch`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-tabs`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-toast`: ^1.2.1
- `@radix-ui/react-toggle`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-toggle-group`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-tooltip`: ^1.1.2
- `@types/node`: 20.6.2
- `@types/react`: 18.2.22
- `@types/react-dom`: 18.2.7
- `autoprefixer`: 10.4.15
- `class-variance-authority`: ^0.7.0
- `clsx`: ^2.1.1
- `cmdk`: ^1.0.0
- `date-fns`: ^3.6.0
- `embla-carousel-react`: ^8.3.0
- `eslint`: 8.49.0
- `eslint-config-next`: 13.5.1
- `input-otp`: ^1.2.4
- `lucide-react`: ^0.446.0
- `next-themes`: ^0.3.0
- `postcss`: 8.4.30
- `react-day-picker`: ^8.10.1
- `react-hook-form`: ^7.53.0
- `react-resizable-panels`: ^2.1.3
- `recharts`: ^2.12.7
- `sonner`: ^1.5.0
- `tailwind-merge`: ^2.5.2
- `tailwindcss`: 3.3.3
- `tailwindcss-animate`: ^1.0.7
- `typescript`: 5.2.2
- `vaul`: ^0.9.9
- `zod`: ^3.23.8

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the project. If you would like to contribute, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with clear and concise messages.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Create a pull request to the main repository.

For any questions or suggestions, feel free to contact us at [hello@delart.com](mailto:hello@delart.com).

## Additional Installation Step

If you encounter issues with peer dependencies while installing `react-leaflet`, use the following command in your project root:

```bash
sudo npm install --legacy-peer-deps react-leaflet leaflet
```

Commit message:

Enhance project configuration and improve accessibility
- Update .gitignore to include .next-dev directory
- Add Node.js version requirement in README
- Refactor metadata in layout.tsx for better SEO
- Implement skip link for improved accessibility in layout.tsx
- Optimize image handling in Home component with useMemo
- Update footer links to use rel="noopener noreferrer" for security
- Add keyboard navigation for mobile menu in Navbar
- Configure Next.js settings for better performance and security
- Add critters package for improved performance optimization
- Create robots.ts and sitemap.ts for SEO enhancements
- Update package.json and package-lock.json for Node.js engine compatibility
- Add .nvmrc for Node.js version management
- Update tsconfig.json to include .next-dev types

README.md, after:

# Delartech

Delartech is a web application built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. It includes various components and pages to provide a comprehensive digital experience.

## Installation

### Node.js version

This project uses Next.js 13 and should run on **Node.js 20 LTS**.

If you use `nvm`:

```bash
nvm use
```

or

```bash
nvm install 20
nvm use 20
```

To install the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ErfanShokrollahzadeh/Delartech.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd Delartech
   ```
3. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

To start the development server, run the following command:

```bash
npm run dev
```

To build the project for production, run the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

To start the production server, run the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

## Dependencies

The project uses the following dependencies:

- `next`: ^13.4.19
- `react`: ^18.2.0
- `react-dom`: ^18.2.0
- `@hookform/resolvers`: ^3.9.0
- `@next/swc-wasm-nodejs`: 13.5.1
- `@radix-ui/react-accordion`: ^1.2.0
- `@radix-ui/react-alert-dialog`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-aspect-ratio`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-avatar`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-checkbox`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-collapsible`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-context-menu`: ^2.2.1
- `@radix-ui/react-dialog`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-dropdown-menu`: ^2.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-hover-card`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-label`: ^2.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-menubar`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-navigation-menu`: ^1.2.0
- `@radix-ui/react-popover`: ^1.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-progress`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-radio-group`: ^1.2.0
- `@radix-ui/react-scroll-area`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-select`: ^2.1.1
- `@radix-ui/react-separator`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-slider`: ^1.2.0
- `@radix-ui/react-slot`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-switch`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-tabs`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-toast`: ^1.2.1
- `@radix-ui/react-toggle`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-toggle-group`: ^1.1.0
- `@radix-ui/react-tooltip`: ^1.1.2
- `@types/node`: 20.6.2
- `@types/react`: 18.2.22
- `@types/react-dom`: 18.2.7
- `autoprefixer`: 10.4.15
- `class-variance-authority`: ^0.7.0
- `clsx`: ^2.1.1
- `cmdk`: ^1.0.0
- `date-fns`: ^3.6.0
- `embla-carousel-react`: ^8.3.0
- `eslint`: 8.49.0
- `eslint-config-next`: 13.5.1
- `input-otp`: ^1.2.4
- `lucide-react`: ^0.446.0
- `next-themes`: ^0.3.0
- `postcss`: 8.4.30
- `react-day-picker`: ^8.10.1
- `react-hook-form`: ^7.53.0
- `react-resizable-panels`: ^2.1.3
- `recharts`: ^2.12.7
- `sonner`: ^1.5.0
- `tailwind-merge`: ^2.5.2
- `tailwindcss`: 3.3.3
- `tailwindcss-animate`: ^1.0.7
- `typescript`: 5.2.2
- `vaul`: ^0.9.9
- `zod`: ^3.23.8

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the project. If you would like to contribute, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with clear and concise messages.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Create a pull request to the main repository.

For any questions or suggestions, feel free to contact us at [hello@delart.com](mailto:hello@delart.com).

## Additional Installation Step

If you encounter issues with peer dependencies while installing `react-leaflet`, use the following command in your project root:

```bash
sudo npm install --legacy-peer-deps react-leaflet leaflet
```
